c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\le\NetduinoTemplate1.exe
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\be\NetduinoTemplate1.exe
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\le\NetduinoTemplate1.pdb
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\be\NetduinoTemplate1.pdb
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\NetduinoTemplate1.exe
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\NetduinoTemplate1.pdb
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\le\NetduinoTemplate1.pe
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\le\NetduinoTemplate1.pdbx
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\be\NetduinoTemplate1.pe
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\be\NetduinoTemplate1.pdbx
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.dll
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.dll
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdb
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdb
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\obj\Debug\InfraredDetector.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\obj\Debug\NetduinoTemplate1.Resources.resources
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\obj\Debug\InfraredDetector.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\obj\Debug\NetduinoTemplate1.Resources.tinyresources
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\obj\Debug\TinyResGen.cache
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\obj\Debug\be\NetduinoTemplate1.pe
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\obj\Debug\be\NetduinoTemplate1.pdbx
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\obj\Debug\le\NetduinoTemplate1.pe
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\obj\Debug\le\NetduinoTemplate1.pdbx
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\obj\Debug\NetduinoTemplate1.exe
c:\users\amorgan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\obj\Debug\NetduinoTemplate1.pdb
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\le\NetduinoTemplate1.exe
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\be\NetduinoTemplate1.exe
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\le\NetduinoTemplate1.pdb
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\be\NetduinoTemplate1.pdb
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\NetduinoTemplate1.exe
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\NetduinoTemplate1.pdb
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\le\NetduinoTemplate1.pe
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\le\NetduinoTemplate1.pdbx
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\be\NetduinoTemplate1.pe
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\be\NetduinoTemplate1.pdbx
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.dll
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.dll
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdb
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdb
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\obj\Debug\InfraredDetector.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\obj\Debug\NetduinoTemplate1.Resources.resources
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\obj\Debug\InfraredDetector.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\obj\Debug\NetduinoTemplate1.Resources.tinyresources
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\obj\Debug\TinyResGen.cache
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\obj\Debug\be\NetduinoTemplate1.pe
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\obj\Debug\be\NetduinoTemplate1.pdbx
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\obj\Debug\le\NetduinoTemplate1.pe
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\obj\Debug\le\NetduinoTemplate1.pdbx
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\obj\Debug\NetduinoTemplate1.exe
C:\DEVELOPMENT\webgl\NetduinoTemplate1\NetduinoTemplate1\obj\Debug\NetduinoTemplate1.pdb
